## 000 SYNOPSIS

The story opens on two lifelong friends, bffs, people with some shared history.  They are playing with the GIT strapped time machine when all of a sudden there are apocolyptic people and music everywhere!  There has been a merge conflict!!!

They discover that the conflict has root in a merge of branches days/months/years ago.  But, there is a mystery.  Neither of them committed that merge!  At least, not yet.

Realizing that the current conflict is caused by some merge made in the future, they must wait it out in this conflicted reality.  Which is basically a world where people are proud freaks, and other conspicuous alternate things.

They have no idea how to identify the moment when they commit the commit before it happens, all they can do is guard Git and be cautious.  They become enmeshed with their new peers, in a strange reality that contains other versions of themself, and everybody they know.  (Thus, most characters plays their own double.)  The outcome of this new society will bear on the outcome of the whole, let's just say that much.

The duo checkout a lot of the past to uncover their "true" history, which has been merged with the present one.  Through these episodes a story is told as too how they came to have and be able to use GIT.  Their previous history is shown to be drab, or grim, or sad, or miserable, 2015ish, totallitarian, and all of that informs as to why they are on a time machine mission in the first place.  Oh, right!  

They also checkout all kinds of histories as well.  Like, what was up with Jesus?  And sometimes they find abstract and impossible branches.  The time machine is informational.  It does not transport you to and fro in time.  It allows you to view information from your history, and it's branches.  It allows you to do things to that information with the power of a Git cloned API.  But of course we show many of these narratives.

In the beginning of the story, the Duo's new history is the one they know, for that is the branch they are on.  It is a conflicetd merge tho.  They soon begin to learn the differences between histories, and they discover that they were on a time machine mission in the first place.  Their happy new relation to the current branchworld--a world of music, fun, dance, comedy and casual entanglements--conflicts with their desire to return to their "real" history, and/or resume their mission.  That is what they want to do, isn't it?

Soon, the comedy of the current branch reaches it's distasterpoint when it is discovered that members of the freak community have been conspiring about the time machine all along, for have thier own mission.  

Or is it their own?  OR IS IT????
