INT. NIGHT. A CLOSED ROOM, LIT BY A COMPUTER SCREEN.  USING THE GIT TIME MACHINE IS __DTARR__.  HE IS HITTING UP AND THEN ENTER ON HIS KEYBOARD, REPEATEDLY.  THE SOUND OF DAMPENED MUSIC FROM THE MAIN ROOM OF THE DEN, OUTSIDE THE DOOR.  

THE DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES QUICKLY AS __JOHNNY__ ENTERS. MUSIC FILLS THE ROOM MOMENTARILY. __DTARR__ COMES OUT OF A SLIGHT HAZE AT THE DISRUPTION. 

__DTARR__ : Oh, hey, that music sounds amazing, who is that?

__JOHHNY__ : You mean that downsampled drone they've been playing for days?

__DTARR__ : Huh, I hadn't noticed...

__JOHHNY__ : Yeah u been zoning, what are u trying to do

__DTARR__ : I'm trying to beat you.

__JOHNNY__ : That will never happen.  You would have to hack to much of the past to ever beat me in a race.

__DTARR__ : I DID BEAT YOU ONCE!

__JOHNNY__ : No u didn't.

__DTARR__ : September 19th, 1996, we raced bikes to the hardware dump.

__JOHNNY__ : You weren't even close!

__DTARR__ : And you took that away from me! What's worse is how quickly you were able to hack that.

__JOHNNY__ : The diffs on that commit were quite mimiscule, which speaks to the probability of you ever beating me in a race.

__DTARR__ : You're right.  The race doesn't matter to me, because it was such a simple hack.  I could probably redo my victory in 15 minutes.

__JOHNNY__ : Hm!

__DTARR__ : I'm going for a much more complex pwn.

__JOHNNY__ : spell that...

__DTARR__ : that's right, I'm going to hack the ourcome of a certain chess game

__JOHNNY__ : NO!

__DTARR__ : Yes!

__JOHNNY___ : No! my equisitely strategic victory!

__DTARR__ :  And the only match you ever defeated me! Applying randomness to a chess game is tricky tho, it would be way easier if I could simply apply logic.  Such a blunder...

__JOHNNY__ : I feel secure for now.  But, D, have you...

__DTARR__ : BUT!  I'm getting close. Watch.

__DTARR__ PRESSES UP, AND THEN ENTER.  CAMERA ON __JOHNNY__ SHRUGGING, STILL WON.  __DTARR___ PRESSES UP AND ENTER AGAIN.  

__JOHNNY__ : I still won.

__DTARR__ PRESSES UP AND ENTER.  __JOHNNY__ BEGINS DANCING.

__JOHNNY__ : Victorious!

__DTARR__ PRESSES UP AND ENTER

__JOHNNY__ : HM? **PAUSE**  Victorious!

// etc etc

__JOHNNY__ : Did you merge commits to any other part of our history?

__DTARR__ : No, just this game...

__JOHNNY__ : Yr sure...?

__DTARR___ : Of course, Johnny, and even if I had...

__JOHNNY__ : There haven't been any, what do you call those errors?

__DTARR__ : conflicts, absolutely not. Not from me.  Johnny...

__JOHNNY__ : What?

__DTARR__ : Who did you say is playing that music?

__JOHNNY__ : Distater Radio.

__DTARR__ : **slowly** Hm.  Why do I feel like I haven't heard of them before?

__JOHNNY__ : Look, I'm asking cuz a minute ago Johnny left this room, and starting freaking the fuck out like I have never seen.

__DTARR___ : And what was the cause, Johnny?

__JOHNNY__ : Johnny does not know.

__DTARR__ : And if not this Johnny, which?

_JOHNNY_ : Which other Johnny could I possibly be referring to?

__DTARR__:  Johnny.  Usually, when you speak of Johnny, you are speaking of yourself.

__JOHNNY__ : This is true.

__DTARR__ : Then which Johnny is freaking out Johnny, and which Johnny is freaking out me?

__JOHNNY__ : UHG! Go look for youself, and see if you can...!

__DTARR__ GETS UP AND SPINS AROUND TO FACE __JOHNNY__, WHO IS WEARING CLOTHES NOT OF TODAY'S FASHION, OR ANY.  NOTE THAT WE HAVEN'T SEEN __DTARRS__ FACE OR FREAK YET. __JOHNNY__ LOOKS BACK AT __DTARR__ NONPLUSSED. THERE IS A PAUSE, THEN __DTARR__ BEGINS LAUGHING HISTERICALLY AT __JOHNNY__  

__DTARR__ : OHHHHH I SEEEEEEE! OH SHIT! HAHA! I DID NOT PREDICT THAT THE OUTCOME OF A GAME WOULD TURN YOU INTO A CROSS DRESSER!

__JOHNNY__ LOOKS AT __DTARR__ LIKE WTF?? __DTARR__ LAUGHING.

__JOHNNY__ : Will you please jus see what his fucking Johnny's freak is?

__DTARR__ : Haha, sure, show me yr freak Johnny!

__JOHNNY__ OPENS DOOR FOR __DTARR__.  A FAST CRESCENDO TO FULL VOLUME MUSIC.  FAST ZOOM ON NOW OPEN DOORWAY. __JOHNNY__ (ANOTHER __JOHNNY__), DRESSED IN OTHER FASHIONS, APPEARS AT THE DOOR DIRECTLY AS IT IS OPENED.  

A PAUSE.  

OUTSIDE __JOHNNY__ LOOKS AT DTARR AND SCREEMS.  CAMERA SWIVELS TO __DTARR__ ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOORWAY.  WE SEE _DTARRS_ FREAK. CAM SWIVELS BACK TO OTHER _JOHNNY_ AS HE RUNS AWAY AND OUT OF THE HOUSE, REVEALING TO __DTARR__ THE ABSOLUTE WIERDNESS OF EVERYTHING IN THE HOUSE. __DTARR__ SCREAMS.  THE FREAKS ALL RAISE GLASSES AND HANDS AND SPLIFFS AND HOLLAR BACK! THE MUSIC KICKS IN, THE THEME SONG:  MERGE CONFLICT.





